Refine user data exposure for group assessment questions (#15164)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/question/server.md

        data["params"]["group_member_uids"] = [m["uid"] for m in group["members"]]
```

The `user` dict has the keys `uid` (always present), `uin`, and `name` (the latter two may be `None`). It is `None` on group assessments.

??? info "Whose identity is exposed"

>     The `user` is the student the variant belongs to, not whoever is currently viewing or grading it. Group assessments receive `None` because the shared variant has no single owner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When a staff member opens a student variant (e.g., in manual grading or opening student view), the `user` corresponds to the student that owns the variant, not the staff member that is seeing the variant. Group assessments receive `None` because the shared variant has no single owner.
```

```

The `user` dict has the keys `uid` (always present), `uin`, and `name` (the latter two may be `None`). It is `None` on group assessments.

> The `group` dict has `name` and `members` (a list with the same shape as `user`). It is `None` if the assessment is individual work.

Reviewer: Nit: this is two lines without a blank in between. Did you mean this to be a single paragraph or was this done by accident?

The `user` dict has the keys `uid` (always present), `uin`, and `name` (the latter two may be `None`). It is `None` on group assessments.

??? info "Whose identity is provided"

    When a staff member opens a student variant (e.g., in manual grading or opening student view), the `user` corresponds to the student that owns the variant, not the staff member that is seeing the variant. Group assessments receive `None` because the shared variant has no single owner.

    A group's members can change over time: The members when a question was generated may be different than when a question is graded. Similarly, a user's name, uid, and uin may be different. The value of `options["user"]` and `options["group"]` will always reflect the latest information.

> The `group` dict has `name` and `members` (a list with the same shape as `user`). It is `None` if the assessment is individual work.

Reviewer: Since the admonition block talks about groups, it may be better to move the group paragraph before the admonition block.

Author: [ea06dfd](https://github.com/PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn/pull/15164/commits/ea06dfd39325436d2c9b1c646f3c81fa57c70cd9)
